Chemical files docs (#2859)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Preview.md

* Biological file formats (.bed, .cef, .gff, .fasta, .fastq, .sam, .pdbqt, .vcf, etc.)
* Text files (.csv, .md, .readme, .tsv, .txt, etc.)

## Chemical files

> We use NGL library to render chemical files. It can't render v3000 Mol file format, so we convert it to v2000 on-the-fly.

Reviewer: The Quilt catalog uses the [NGL Viewer library](https://github.com/nglviewer/ngl) to render structures.
By default, v3000 Molfiles are converted to v2000 by the JavaScript client for rendering.

> ## Chemical files
> We use NGL library to render chemical files. It can't render v3000 Mol file format, so we convert it to v2000 on-the-fly.
> 
> It's a work in progress, preview for .mol files is better developed
> 
> * Mol files (.mol, .mol2, .sdf)
> * Other chemical files (.cif, .ent, .pdb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chemical structures
The Quilt catalog uses the [NGL Viewer library](https://github.com/nglviewer/ngl) to render structures.
By default, v3000 Molfiles are converted to v2000 by the JavaScript client for rendering.

The following file formats are supported:
* Mol files (.mol, .mol2, .sdf)
* .cif
* .ent
* .pdb
```
